-   Luca Benardi, Raj Ramamurthy
-   Principles of Data Flow
-   Anatomy of an Update
-   Understanding Your Data

-   Property, BindableObject, `@Environment`, `@Binding`, `@State`
-   "@State is the source of truth"
-   "Views are a function of state, not of a sequence of events"
-   `$`-prefix derives a `@Binding` from a `@State`
-   `withAnimation` wraps action that triggers recompute
-   Must publish on main thread, use `.receive(on:)`
-   BindableObject for external data, is a reference type, for existing
    models
    -   Protocol has `didChange` property which must be a
        Publisher/Subject
    -   Call .send on subject when updating the data
-   @ObjectBinding var model: `<BindableObject conform>`
-   @EnvironmentObject var model: `<BindableObject conform>`
-   Environment is indirectly passed through the view hierarchy
    -   Used by accent color, text direction, dynamic type, Dark Mode  & Forms
-   Example when to use `@State`: Button tracking the highlight state

````
onReceive(<publisher>) { newCurrentTime in
  self.currentTime = newCurrentTime
}
```

Other talks:

-   Combine
-   Building Custom Views with SwiftUI

---------------------


Best practice: Create a single source of truth that propagates downward!

@State -\> this value can change over time, and view depends on it

-   Is view-local
-   The frameworks allocates & manages your storage
-   Mutation generates a new view body
-   Uses a property wrapper
-   Every @state is a source of truth
-   Views are a function of state, not a sequence of events

Publisher

-   .onReceive(PodcastPlayer.currentTimePublisher) { self.stateVariable
    = \$0 }

BindableObject (protocol)

-   Use it to connect existing data/services to SwiftUI
-   BindableObject is:



-   External
-   A reference
-   Developer managed

var didChange = PassthroughSubject\<Void, Never\>()

didChange.send()

@ObjectBinding creates a dependency from the view upon the model

-   You inject this dependency into the view
-   Automatic dependency tracking
-   Don't use this to pass models through the hierarchy, use
    @EnvironmentObject instead

@EnvironmentObject pushes data through the view hierarchy

Views are a low-cost abstraction. Using a lot is encouraged.

### How do I choose where this state belongs?

Compare it to button. Button has internal state for its highlight when
your finger is on it. That state is truly owned by the button. If it's
not, see if you can lift the state up, for example to a bindable object.