- Views are nice, but how do you: cloud sync, drag & drop?
- Bindings, `@State` attribute, see also "Data Flow through Swift UI"
- Forms, like VStack but for heterogeneous views
- VStack =\> Form, is a drop-in replacement, renders like Settings app
- `Section { ... }` for grouping of views (with optionally section titles)
- Parent view customizes subview properties: the items inside Form are rendered differently than inside VStack. This uses the 'environment' to attach root styles at the Form level.

### SwiftUI Labs
Right after, we went to the labs:

- `UITableView`-like performance will come in future releases, the
  current `List` is less performant.
- Data Bindings how-to
  (https://gist.github.com/hermanbanken/ea65fedf16ad8eac75c3dacfe6de4663)
- [More backends coming?](https://twitter.com/hermanbanken/status/1136371582656425986)
- For `UITableView` prefetching: use `.OnAppear` and `.OnDisappear`

-------------------


A good UI requires much more than just a component system.

It/you should support:

-   Accessibility
-   Multiple windows
-   Rich notifications
-   Multiplatform
-   Dark mode
-   Size classes

Also you add your own unique features, design, delighters.

Spend more time on the custom (and fun) stuff, less on the basic stuff.

Declarative vs. Imperative

Dollar sign -\> gets a binding

Modifiers create a new view from an existing view

        E.g. padding -\> color vs. Color -\> padding

Don't worry about the performance impact, SwiftUI builds a highly
optimised data structure

'some View' lets the compiler infer the return type

Primitive views: text, color, spacer, image, shape, divider are the
endpoint for the recursive view hierarchy.

Push your if's inside modifiers \[as a ternary\] to help SwiftUI better
detect changes and provide animations

There's a Form component that can contain heterogeneous elements and
order them into sections.

Buttons can change their look based on their container (VStack vs Form)
and platform.