-   Framework: Vision
-   VNRecognizeTextRequest, does the heavy lifting for you!
-   Sample code attached to session
-   Two paths: fast (uses character recognition), accurate (uses NN to
    recognize sentences)
-   Fast: processing time, memory footprint
-   Accurate: support for rotated, variety of fonts
-   VMImageRequestHandler =\> VNRecognizeTextRequest =\> callback
    VNRecognizedTextObservation
-   VMRecognizeTextRequestRevision1 to pin down to the specific version
    that you have optimized for
-   Allows finding substrings in candidate results, which will return
    the correct boundingbox!!!
-   VisionKit, VNDocumentCameraViewController
-   Language knowledge, performance, processing results
-   Custom Lexicon support for domain specific language:
    `VNRecognizeTextRequest.customWords = \["1337", "q42"\]`
-   `usesCPUOnly` allows for running specifically on CPU if GPU is in
    use by game/AR/etc.
-   Demo app "My First Image Reader" contains Continuity Camera support
-   Don't take the main result for granted: the topCandidates are also
    available. Use those for indexing too to increase recall!
-   NSDataDetector, for types of interest (built in: Addresses, URLs,
    dates & phone numbers, custom: Lexicon, RegExp)
-   [developer.apple.com/wwdc19/234](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://developer.apple.com/wwdc19/234&sa=D&ust=1559981348864000)

-------------------------

You can now perform OCR with the framework, which is powered using
machine learning built by Apple.

Choose between fast (characters) vs. accurate (sentences, NLP). Fast is
meant for real time applications, accurate if you have more processing
time. Defer it to the background if possible.

Tips:

-   Apply your own business validation logic to weed out invalid results
    from the OCR. Example: if you want to recognize a phone number using
    OCR, check the format. Check if you get the same result back several
    times to better ensure it's valid.
-   It's a good idea to combine multiple ML/Vision/AI techniques
    together in a pipeline to improve your results.